<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>Copyright Page</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />

  </head>
  <body epub:type="frontmatter">

    <section epub:type="preface">

      <p>
          All in the golden afternoon<br/>
          Full leisurely we glide;<br/>
          For both our oars, with little skill,<br/>
          By little arms are plied.<br/>
          While little hands make vain pretence<br/>
          Our wanderings to guide.
      </p>
      <p>
          Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour,<br/>
          Beneath such dreamy weather,<br/>
          To beg a tale of breath too weak<br/>
          To stir the tiniest feather!<br/>
          Yet what can one poor voice avail<br/>
          Against three tongues together?
      </p>
      <p>
          Imperious Prima flashes forth<br/>
          Her edict "to begin it"-<br/>
          In gentler tone Secunda hopes<br/>
          "There will be nonesense in it!" -<br/>
          While Tertia interrupts the tale<br/>
          Not <i>more</i> then once a minute.
      </p>
      <p>
          Anon, to sudden silence won,<br/>
          In fancy the pursue<br/>
          The dream-child moving through a land<br/>
          Of wonders wild and new,<br/>
          In friendly chat with bird or beast-<br/>
          And half believe it true.
      </p>
      <p>
          And ever, as the story drained<br/>
          The wells of fancy dry,<br/>
          And faintly strove that weary one<br/>
          To put the subject by,<br/>
          "The rest next time-" It <i>is</i> next time!<br/>
          The happy voices cry.
      </p>
      <p>
          Thus grew the tale of Wonderland;<br/>
          Thus slowly, one by one,<br/>
          In quaint events were hammered out-<br/>
          And now the tale is done,<br/>
          And home we steer, a merry crew,<br/>
          Beneath the setting sun.
      </p>

    </section>

  </body>

</html>
