<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

  <head>

    <title>Works</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/uLists.css" />
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/boldedTitles.css" />

  </head>
  <body epub:type="backmatter">

    <section >

      

      <h1>Works by Lewis Carroll.</h1>
      <h3>MINIATURE EDITIONS</h3>
      <h5>Illustrated Pott 8vo.</h5>

      <ul>
          <li><span class="bolded">ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND</span> 25. net.</li>
          <li><span class="bolded">THROUGH THE LOOKING-GLASS, AND WHAT ALICE FOUND THERE</span> 25. net.</li>
          <li><span class="bolded">THE HUNTING OF THE SNARK</span> 25.net.</li>
          <li><span class="bolded">PHANTASMAGORIA, AND OTHER POEMS.</span> 25.net.</li>
      </ul>
      <hr/>
      <ul>
          <li>
            <span class="bolded">ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND</span>
            Witj Froty-two .Illustrations by TENNIEL.(First
            published in 1865.) Crown 8vo,cloth,gilt edges,price 8s.6d.net
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THE SAME;PEOPLE'S EDITIONS</span>
              (First published in 1887.) Crown 8vo,cloth,price 4s.6d.net
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THE SAMF;ILLUSTRATED POCKET CLASSICS.</span>
              Feap.8vo,cloth with full gilt back and gilt top,
              3s.6d.net.Limp leather with full gilt back and gilt
              edges 5s.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THE SAME;CHILDREN'S EDITION.</span>
              With Illustrations by TENNIEL, sixteen being in colour.
              Pott 4t0,6s.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THE SAME</span>
              8vo,sewed,9d.;cloth,is.3d
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THROUGH THE LOOKING-GLASS ,AND WHAT ALICE FOUND
              THERE.</span>
              With Fifty Illustrations by TENNIEL.(First published
              in 1871.) Crown 8vo,cloth,gilt edges,price 8s.6d.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">THE SAME;PEOPLE'S EDITION.</span>
                (First published in 1887.) Crown 8vo,cloth,price 4s.6d.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">through the looking-glass, and what alice
                 found THERE;illustrated pocket classics</span>
                 Fcap,8vo,cloth, with full gilt back and gilt top,3s.6d.net.Limp
                 leather, with full gilt back and gilt edges, 5s.net
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">the same;children's edition.</span>
              With Illustrations by TENNIEL, sixteen being in colour.Pott 4to.6s.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">the same</span>
              8vo,sewed,9d.:cloth,1s.3d.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">alice's adventures in wonderland;and through
                 the looking-glass; people's editions.</span>
              Both Books together in One Volume.(First published in 1887.)
              Crown 8vo,cloth, price 8s.6d.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">alice's advntures in wonderland; AND
              through the looking-glass</span>
              With Ninety-two Illustrations by TENNIEL, eight being in colour.
              8vo.10s.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">sylvie and bruno concluded.</span>
              With Forty-six Illustrations by HARRY FURNISS.(First published
              in 1893.) Crown 8vo,cloth, gilt edges,price 8s.6d.net.
          </li>
          <li>
              <span class="bolded">the story of sylvie and bruno.</span>
              In One Volume. With Illustrations by HARRY FURNISS. Crown
              8vo.6s.net.
          </li>
      </ul>

      <p>MACMILLAN &amp; CO., LTD., LONDON</p>

    </section>

  </body>

</html>
